README.md, before:

# Jeeves v1.4.1 - "Pisspot"
Python Auto-Trader with Alpaca API

Compatable trading algorithms and scripts are stored in our lib/ folder

### Recent Version Notes
- Addition of candlestick analysis functionality beta
- Adding of test toolkit tools to test effectiveness and functionality

### Algorithm Creation

To create a new algorithm, you must do 3 things
- Create a new .py file of the name you choose, with a class named "TradeAlgo"
- Add a .run() function to be invocated
- Place function into the lib/ folder

#### Variables of Note
- os.environ["APCA_API_BASE_URL"]
- os.environ["APCA_API_KEY_ID"]
- os.environ["APCA_API_SECRET_KEY"]
- os.environ["STOCK_UNIVERSE"]

### Other Requirements

In order to execute our algorithms, an accout with Alpaca Algorithmic Traders is needed. Please create a file named ```params.json``` within the project base directory. This file must appear as follows:

```
{
    "alpaca_public":"XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX",
    "alpaca_private":"XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX",
    "alpaca_url":"https://paper-api.alpaca.markets"
}
```
Inclusion of this file will allow each script to connect and interact with your Alpaca account, in order to recieve market data and total account equity, but also complete market_orders and manage portfolio standings.

### License
© 2022, Charles Graham. All rights reserved.

Commit message:

2.0.3 - "Zelenskyy" - Version with first LPLS ver.

README.md, after:

# Jeeves v2.0.3 - "Zelenskyy"
Python Auto-Trader with Alpaca API

Compatable trading algorithms and scripts are stored in our lib/ folder

### Recent Version Notes
- Further Candlestick chart analysis work
- Official Version release with functional new algo ```lpLongShortBeta.py``` which is perhaps the first iteration of an algo to work with low capital. As it stands now, it organizes stocks based on day trend. Can be improved with Candlesticks later, however

### Algorithm Creation

To create a new algorithm, you must do 3 things
- Create a new .py file of the name you choose, with a class named "TradeAlgo"
- Add a .run() function to be invocated
- Place function into the lib/ folder

#### Variables of Note
- os.environ["APCA_API_BASE_URL"]
- os.environ["APCA_API_KEY_ID"]
- os.environ["APCA_API_SECRET_KEY"]
- os.environ["STOCK_UNIVERSE"]

### Other Requirements

In order to execute our algorithms, an accout with Alpaca Algorithmic Traders is needed. Please create a file named ```params.json``` within the project base directory. This file must appear as follows:

```
{
    "alpaca_public":"XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX",
    "alpaca_private":"XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX",
    "alpaca_url":"https://paper-api.alpaca.markets"
}
```
Inclusion of this file will allow each script to connect and interact with your Alpaca account, in order to recieve market data and total account equity, but also complete market_orders and manage portfolio standings.

### License
© 2022, Charles Graham. All rights reserved.
